Management of Innovation - Systems architecture and bridging knowledge among people/groups/industries is at the heart of every great innovation.
The Individual and Group Dynamics - A firm is a collection of individuals with different personalities who follow the incentives set forth to fulfill their hierarchy of needs.
Organizational Strategy and Structure - A firm should be structured to allow for different paces of work that aligns with set strategies to innovate.
Markets and the Firm - Micro and Macro economics dictate the necessity for firms to be agile and adapt to changing trends. 
The Business of Healthcare - The U.S. healthcare system is built stakeholders with differing incentives who are all trying to do their best, but patients suffer if value based care isn't the strategy.
Financial Theory and Policy - Strategy and NPV alignment provides strong reasoning for a firm investing and taking on new projects. 
Product Management - Internal strategy, competition, and trending are key components of ensuring a product can not only be commercialized but be successful.
Financial Accounting - Reading financial statements give key insights into the health and operations of a firm.
Machine Learning with Python - Python's machine learning ability provides powerful AI models to analyze significant data and trends.
R for Business Analytics - R's advanced analytics capabilities provides summarized dashboards to analyze new trends.
Articulation and Critical Thinking - Clearly and concisely expressing oneself helps streamline communication of tasks and attaining commitment. 
Data Analytics for Managers - The ability to determine significant data from noise helps streamline a managers focus towards prioritization of tasks/projects.
Quantitative Tools for Business - Analysis of both quantitative and qualitative data through software tools allows for insights to be learned.
Digital Marketing - The digital landscape of media provides synergy along the marketing funnel to bring a product into our hands. 
Marketing Management - The marketing mix is a complex network of dynamic areas that require careful considerations through all steps of the funnel.

